Welcome back everyone before we proceed.
Let's just quickly walk through what it is that we just did so from a high level what we did was set
up our node server.
We're leveraging the library Express which makes it really easy for us to write a node back in server
Express.
Actually makes it super easy for us to leverage other libraries and make the process of writing this
back and server really really simple.
Beyond that what else we need to do now in the next step is actually set up our first route that allows
us to actually make the stripe charge.
Now the reason why we need to make a strike charge through our back end server is because the way that
stripe is setup in order for the charge to be legitimate it needs to actually come with a secret key
that we get from stripe that we need to send with our request to stripe in order to make our charge
so that stripe knows that the charge is coming from our account the one that we set up whenever we look
at our stripe dashboard once we have our actual stripe key being integrated into our back and then stripe
is validly letting us actually make charges.
We are not able to make a stripe charge from the front end because we cannot ever truly encrypt a secret
key through the front end.
It has to be done through a back end request.
Now this is the main reason why we're doing this now.
What we actually need to do is build that route that allows us to one receive a request from our front
and application but then we actually need to take that request that our front end application is making
and then pass it as a charge to stripe.
So we'll figure out how to do that.
In this lesson and then after that we'll actually have to link this striped button in order to create
the request to the new route that we end up building in our server.
Yes.
Now the thing is that right now what we're doing is we're passing this on token method to our strike
checkout which gives us back the token object which we actually need to pass to stripe through this
back end route that we're making because that token is going to be the legitimate charge that we're
trying to make.
It has all of the information regarding the credit card information that the user put in the cost of
the charge itself and any other miscellaneous data that stripe needs in order to process the charge
that we're trying to make.
So let's actually look at an image in what it is that we're trying to set up in the next few lessons.
So here we have this picture in this picture.
We have our client site application which is our crown clothing.
We have our back end express server that we're building.
And then here we have our stripe service.
So this is going to be the actual API that stripe is hosting that we need to create a charge request
to.
So from our Express server what we're going to do is create that payment route and then from our client
site application we are going to send a payment token to this payment route.
Our payment route is then going to take that token use the stripe library to actually make a payment
charge to stripe.
So this is kind of what it is that we're trying to do.
We have this back in section that is going to actually make the stripe charge but it's waiting for some
client side application to make a request against this route and pass it some token that it can then
use to actually create a stripe charge.
So this is kind of the flow that you can see that we need to build.
So we have the express server we have our client side application but we've got to build the code that
actually will send the payment token.
And we also have to build the code that will represent our payment route as well as the code that will
end up making the payment charge itself to stripe so this image I want you to keep it as a mental model
in your head about what it is that we're building next because with this mental model in mind we are
going to set up this payment route and then setup the actual payment token request and this will have
to do some code before we can actually see it work inside of our application and we'll begin by building
out our payment route in the next less.